♪ I was an up-and-comer
On a summer night ♪
♪ And in the midst
Of the crowd ♪
♪ I thought she looked right ♪
♪ I had a moment'’s reflection
That I tried to hide ♪
♪ But I was bitten by the bug
And I wasn'’t shy ♪
♪ So, I slid up between her
And I saw her face ♪
♪ And I was so close
That I was blown away ♪
♪ She had a dangerous side
That I was trying to fade ♪
♪ As I was locked in
The crystal shine
Of her gaze ♪
♪ I let the night take off
Where it had to go ♪
♪ I wanted one thing now
And I know it showed ♪
♪ She had a big look down ♪
♪ Before she said "Let'’s go" ♪
♪ I heard a voice
It was soft and low ♪
♪ I want you
In my velvet dream ♪
♪ I wanna feel you kissing me ♪
♪ I want the depth
Of your desire ♪
♪ I want that high
That takes you higher ♪
♪ I want the place
You never knew ♪
♪ That'’s buried
Deep inside of you ♪
♪ I want you
In my velvet dream ♪
♪ I wanna feel you kissing me ♪
♪ I want the depth
Of your desire ♪
♪ I want that high
That takes you higher ♪
♪ When you let go
Of all that'’s true ♪
♪ Then I'’m gonna break you ♪
♪ The twisted turning
Of a really hungry mind ♪
♪ Makes this kind of hurting
Seem almost divine ♪
♪ Anything worth anything
Has a price ♪
♪ And she'’s all too willing ♪
♪ It'’s in her eyes ♪
♪ So, I lift her up
Into a new sky ♪
♪ And she tells me ♪
♪ She feels like
She'’s gonna die ♪
♪ "It'’s okay," I say
"You'’re gonna leave behind"♪
♪ "Everything before
Is your former life"♪
♪ When you let go
Of all that'’s true ♪
♪ Then I'’m gonna break you ♪
♪ Break you, gonna break you ♪
...stay at home.
It'’s dangerous out here.
This should serve
as a cautionary tale
to everyone in the area.
On Tuesday
morning, a sixth woman was
found dead in her apartment.
We need to find this guy
and we aren'’t leaving
this neighborhood until we do.
All the cases
do seem to be linked.
The victim,
a 24-year-old graduate student
at the University of Boulder.
The killer
struck again last night.
Please,
just murder me now.
No, seriously,
put me out of my misery. Ugh.
Blow it out! Blow it out!
Okay, okay, okay, here we go.
- Come on!
- Whoo!
I love you guys.
You had way better 30ths.
Oh, what could be better
than this?
Yeah, we are here
to celebrate you
the way you deserve.
There'’s literally
nowhere else I'’d rather be.
- Come on, speech!
- Speech! Speech!
All right, all right,
if you'’ll stop chanting, please.
Well, I thought that turning
30 this year, of all years,
was, um...
was gonna feel pretty shitty.
It'’s the year that Jake
unceremoniously dumped me
after eight
very mediocre years together.
The year I made
absolutely no progress
toward an actual career...
Mmm! Working for me is a career.
...or in my personal life.
But... now, here I am,
surrounded by all of you,
my best friends
in the entire world,
and I can see that...
...I was absolutely right.
This completely fucking sucks.
- Let'’s get drunk!
- Whoo!
I don'’t know
if I'’ve told you lately,
but I love you so much.
- I love you.
- I just really love you.
And you know what?
I have a feeling
that you'’re gonna meet
your husband this year.
I just know that you are.
I know it!
And then, we'’re gonna
have babies at the same time.
And we'’re gonna-- Look at me.
And we'’re gonna name them
after each other,
and we'’re gonna
breastfeed together,
and our nipples are gonna
get chafed together.
- Whoa!
- What?
- They'’re gonna get chafe-y.
- Okay, wow.
I can'’t believe
I'’m about to say this,
but I think Bride of Jaägerbombs
has a point.
Wait a second.
You are the most
anti-marriage person I know.
But you know, maybe it'’s time
that you get back out there.
- Like, how long has it been?
Eight months?
- Mmm, I don'’t know.
Yeah, like, in three days.[Robin] Yeah. Right.
Get on the apps,
get Jake out of your head,
and get on
some new dick, baby.[Anthony] No! No, no!
I would not be going anywhere
near any apps right now.
Not with all this
serial killer shit happening.
Oh, my God, have you been
listening to Mark My Murder?
- Oh, my God, yes.
It is so good.
- Yeah, I know.
I cannot wait
for the next episode.
That probably means
somebody dies.
- Is that too dark?
- Yeah.
- Completely,
but I'’m right there with you.
- No, but seriously, Robin,
all the victims so far
have been single women
that lived alone,
and all went on dates
from apps, so...
I'’m not going to sit at home
for the rest of my life
on the off chance
that some dude
from the Internet
- is going to murder me.
- Okay.
You know what?
I'’m just not ready yet.
And it'’s not because
I'’m afraid of a serial killer.
It'’s more because I'm afraid
of having my heart stomped on
by an insecure narcissist
with a mustache.
Again.
- Oh! Uh-oh.
- Not on me.
Swallow it. Swallow.
- Turn away!
- Someone take me potty!
Go, go!
Okay.
[Eva] Oh, yeah.
- Attagirl.
- Oh, God.
- Kel.
- Yeah?
Are you okay?
I mean, this is really
out of character for you.
It'’s fine.
- I'’m going to be fine.
- Okay.
Oh!
All right.
I really liked these shoes.
All right, come on.
Hey, Mark My Murder listeners.
We started this podcast
two months ago, when this
whole murder spree started,
and there'’s still one thing
all the crime scenes
have in common:
no sign of forced entry.
He didn'’t break in.
They let him in.
I mean,
clearly, as we'’ve said,
it'’s the date that's doing it.
It'’s gotta be.
Ladies,
keep your friends close
and your Tinder dates
in public
where there are witnesses.
So, every good serial killer
needs a name.
- Oh, yeah.
- We did
a bunch of brainstorming,
and we'’ve landed on a name.[male podcaster] And I must
say, it'’s a pretty good name.
Drumroll.
The Swipe Right Killer.
It'’s dark--
Stupid mustache.
Valerie?
Surprise!
Happy birthday!
What are you doing?
I could have killed you!
How did you know it was me?
You are the only person I know
who smells like baby vomit
and essential oils.
It is intoxicating,
isn'’t it?
Well, I came
to give you your card,
but then I saw an opportunity
to teach you a lesson.
Of course.
A hide-a-key rock?
Jesus, Eva!
What? I lose my keys a lot.
Do you always carry
a full face mask with you
or just when you'’re coming
to break into my house?
Well, no. I wear it
on the bus to deter muggers.
- Weird.
- Effective.
Speaking
of crime deterrence...
"I hope your birthday
is Tricera-Tops."
It was the only one
I had lying around.
Just look inside.
An appointment confirmation
for an "Armored Guardian
Security" system?
Oh, absolute top-of-the-line.
You are welcome.
No. I do not need
a security system.
That is ridiculous.
Look, it was different when
you were living with Jake,
but with this whole
Swipe Right Killer thing?
Wait, you listen to
Mark my Murder?
Yeah, of course I do.
I was basically a profiler
before I had kids.
Background screening analysis
for an insurance company
isn'’t exactly the same
as criminal profiling.
- But whatever.
- Or is it?
Look, I am not judging you
for living alone.
You have to be realistic
about the risks out there
right now, Eva.
I mean, the world... Can--
...is dangerous.
Okay, can you--
Stop, stop, stop.
Please stop cleaning up,
all right?
All of this is temporary, okay?
I just truly think that Jake
needs to go and pretend
he likes yoga,
go down on a few baristas,
and then he is going to
realize what he threw away.
Oh, no. Okay.
- Stop right there.
- What? What?
I had a feeling
this is what was going on.
What do you mean
what'’s going on?
Who is this hot person?
Scroll.
Okay, why is Jake with her?
What is happening?
They'’re engaged? How? How?
It'’s been eight months.
How does this even happen?
This is-- Who is she?
Another cop on his team.
Wait. "Team" isn'’t right.
Squad? What are
groups of cops called?
Bastards.
Well, let'’s not get political.
I am such an idiot.
I spent nearly a decade
with a total fucking loser,
and you are telling me
it only took him eight months
to commit his entire life
to somebody else?
Yeah, pretty much.
I mean,
for the last eight years,
I haven'’t done
anything I wanted to do.
Nothing.
You know I haven'’t traveled
because he was too afraid
to be on an airplane?
You know, I didn'’t buy a car
because he told me
it was too easy to die in one.
Did you know
I didn'’t go to nursing school
because he convinced me
that I'’m afraid of blood?
Yeah, I know, it'’s insane.
Did you know I'’ve never even
had a one-night stand?
I have never had
a one-night stand.
Well, probably because
the one one-night stand
I thought I was having turned
into three kids, a minivan
and a husband who has been
finishing the basement
for five years.
I am just glad that you made
better life decisions.
No, Valerie, I haven'’t
made any decisions.
For my entire 20s,
I have just let shit
happen to me.
Well...
I'’m not
in my 20s anymore.
Eva, no.
Valerie, thank you.
- You have given me a gift.
- What?
Thank you so much
for my security system.
Really thoughtful of you.
But I am pushing you out now.
- I will talk to you soon.
- Don'’t do anything crazy--
And I love you!
♪ We'’re gonna make a profile
We'’re gonna make a profile ♪
I know. Hurry, come in,
before I change my mind.
- Okay.
- I got you, boo.
♪ Oh, we'’ll have our cake
And eat it ♪
All right.
Now, we just need to
take some pics.
Oh, yes, okay.
Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa! Of your face.
Of your face. Yeah, like--
Okay, well, I don'’t know what
people are doing these days.
- Well, they'’re smiling.
- Okay.
- Since, like, 1930.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Just go a little higher, maybe.
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
- Good.
- Can I see? Can I see?
- Yeah.
- Are you-- No.
I look maniacal.
Please delete that.
- Maniacal is hot.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
- Okay, well, keep it then.
And now, we just need
to write you a bio.
Oh, God. Okay.
It'’s chill. It's just like
some cute, little, low-key
details about yourself.
Like, what is your darkest,
most intimate sexual fantasy?
Mmm. No, I can'’t
disclose that so early on.
- Eva!
- What?
This is a magical
sex rectangle.
You can get anything you want.
- Hmm.
- In here.
Like, uh, do you want to go
to a BDSM club
with a dom who dresses like
a party clown on weekends?
- Not really.
- Or get foot pics from a CPA
who wears adult diapers?
No, that doesn'’t really
sound like me.
Or... Oh.
- Do you want to get
double penetrated...
- Ow.
...by two roommates
who tell everybody
that they'’re stepbrothers?
Well, that all seems
extremely specific.
All right. Uh, done.
Mmm...
- Ready?
- I don'’t know.
- I don'’t know. I don't know.
- Hey. We don'’t have to
do this tonight.
No, I know. I know.
Uh... No. Yes, we do.
- Yeah?
- Yes, we do.
I do not want to waste
another ten years. Okay?
I want to feel like
I am calling the shots
of my own life.
So, yes! Press it! Upload it!
I'’m ready for this!
Yes!
Let'’s get you that feeling.
Wait, wait-wait-wait,
wait-wait, wait-wait.
Aren'’t I supposed to be
doing this?
No, this is just
like a secret trick,
where you swipe right
on everybody,
and then you sort through
the piles of messages.
Oh, that is a good trick.
But can you slow down?
That looks like
- a lot of swiping.
- Shut up...
...and enjoy
the sex rectangle.
Sex tangle?
Oh, why didn'’t I think of that?
- Good.
- Very good!
Oh...
This is a lot of dudes.
Here we go.
Oh, my God, you'’re beautiful.
Huh. "Thank you."
I have a huge boner
just looking at you.
Uh-uh.
Eva, great to meet you.
What'’s your credit score?
Hmm.
Did you know
there are 13 million kangaroos
in Australia?
"No."
Wait. Did we go
to middle school together?
Kyle C.?
Eva V.?
Looking for a daddy?
Oh! Wait.
Kyle? Kyle? Where did you go?
What? No!
Profile deleted?
You were just there.
On your knees?
It'’s not an MLM.
I'’d love to show you
my penis.
Ah!
"Your place... or mine?"
All right, a few more clues
about the Swipe Right Killer.
So, cops
are saying he might have,
like, a background
or a specialty
in forensic science
because dude is leaving behind
zero evidence.
But what does that even mean?
I mean there'’s no hair,
no fingerprints,
no blood, no semen.
Okay, all right. Wow.
Here'’s the other weird thing.
He also appears to enjoy
a nice rosé.
- Oh...
- Yeah.
Empty bottles have been found
inside each victim'’s home.
Oh, man,
do you think he'’s bringing
the wine or is it theirs?
Oh, he'’s got it from
my mom'’s car, for sure.
Lady loves wine.
They haven'’t found
any glasses at the scene,
so it'’s not like
they'’re pouring wine and then
sipping it. So, I don'’t know.
Does he drink it
right out of the bottle
and then wipe it down
while he looks at the body?
Ugh,
that is some twisted shit.
The whole thing is nasty.
Could you imagine being
on a date, just trying to
have fun with some dude,
having wine together,
and then--
Okay. Where is this place?
Okay. You got this.
Mitch.
Oh.
What? I don'’t look
like my photos?
No. Yeah.
Yes, you definitely do.
I just thought that we were
meeting at your place.
Well, it just so happens
that we are.
I just bought it.
That'’s a very good line.
So, based on my expertise,
it seems that you have
a long love line.
- Mmm. Wait.
- If you look over here--
Do you not have fingerprints?
Oh, yeah.
Um, kitchen accidents.
You know,
you get burnt all the time.
Oh.
Cost of doing business.
That makes sense.
So, if you take a look
at your love line,
which seems to run nicely
into your sex line.
Okay, my sex line?
All right,
I'’m starting to think that
this might all be
a little bullshitty.
No, I-- I believe this.
Oh. Oh, my God, I'’m sorry.
I'’m just fucking with you.
Oh.
- But does it really matter?
- No. No.
No!
I am so sorry. Excuse me.
Yeah, just one second.
Hey, Valerie.
That is my hat
that I'’ve been looking for.
And what are you doing here?
I have totally been
wanting to try this place.
Valerie.
Okay, I might have put
a tracking app on your phone.
Again?
You promised me last time--Whatever.
You were acting
so weird last night
that I just had this gut--
No. You need to stop
right now.
This is the line and
you have catapulted over it.
Well, don'’t you think
that having no fingerprints
is a huge freaking red flag?
Do you have
supersonic hearing?
Statistically speaking,
the chances are infinitely low
that any guy I ever meet
on this planet
will be a serial killer.
Really? And where
did you read that statistic?
I read that on the Internet.
Wikipedia, actually.
- Hey, guys.
- Hey.
- Is everything okay over here?
- Uh, yeah.
Eva, do you know this woman?
This woman?
I'’m her sister,
and I am a young woman.
Oh, nice to meet you.
Uh-uh. I'’m leaving. Stop.
- Oh.
- Yeah, and I want you
to come home with me.
- No!
- Oh, yeah, yeah.
Strange man who I just met
on a random dating app,
who I'’ve only known
for one hour,
would you like to
come home with me?
- You are not--
- Yes. Yes, I am.
- Mitch, come on, bud, let'’s go.
- I have to close the bar.
You really killed my momentum.
Can'’t somebody else do that?
- Absolutely, yes.
- Great.
And, Valerie,
do not ever, ever, ever
pull this shit again.
I am serious.
- Stop it.
- You stop it!
Go home!
You go home!
- Not with him!
- Take care!
Your drink'’s on the house.
Oh! Oh! Sorry!
You okay? It'’s okay.
I don'’t care.
That was amazing!
- You lasted so long!
- Ten minutes?
Yeah, and I felt like
a lot of the focus was on me,
which was new. It was nice.
Good.
And that thing
you were doing at the end?
I'’ve never had
that happen before.
Am I allowed to ask you
to leave?
I just don'’t feel like
I'’m ready for a sleepover yet.
I snore a little.
I sweat a lot.
Have you ever heard
of night terrors? Because
it'’s pretty scary if you're--
You know what? Um, I get it.
It'’s all good.
Okay.
You should call me sometime.
Seriously.
I'’d love to see you again.
Maybe I will.
Okay.
I'’ll take it.
Hey, do you want me
to call you a car or--
- Nope, I'’m good.
- Is that what people say?
Okay, bye.
Well, you were wrong.
I'’m still alive. Ha!
Huh.
Kyle C. is back.
You'’ve got to be realistic
about the risks out there
right now, Eva.
I mean,
the world is dangerous.
Ah!
Shit. Coming!
Hi. Come in.
Hi. I'’m Norman from
Armored Guardian Security,
here for your evaluation.
Please, come all the way in.
As you can see, I'’ve--
I'’ve recently upgraded
my security system.
Yeah, we'’re gonna do
a little better than that.
Yeah.
My place doesn'’t normally
look like this.
- Sure.
- Yeah.
I'’m going through a...
transformational phase.
No judgment. You do you.
Oh, that'’s a cool ant farm.
Oh, they'’re actually all dead.
Oh, that'’s sad.
But I'’m planning on
getting more.
I found a ant breeder
on Craigslist.
I just emailed her,
so I should hear back
from her soon.
Oh. That'’s not weird at all.
So, you must be
getting a lot of calls
these days for installations.
You know, with all
the murders in the news.
Oh, yeah, totally.
It'’s bad for the world,
but awesome for business.
I wish I could get a look
at those crime scenes, though.
Oh.
Oh, no, no, no.
I'’m-- I'm doing
night classes in forensics.
- Oh.
- I'’m looking to eventually
solve crimes,
not just gently
discourage them.
Like a detective?
A medical examiner,
- actually.
- Nice.
Good for you.
So, do you want to do this?
What are we doing?
The security walk-through?
Yes. Of course.
Hi!
Here, got you a soda.
- Oh, thank you.
- Yeah.
- Oh. It'’s good.
- What are you doing?
Oh, just measuring the windows
and, you know,
getting everything
just the way we want it.
- Great. I'’ll be in here.
- Okay.
They just found
a species of all-female ants
that actually reproduce
by cloning themselves.
I mean, that'’s
- just amazing to me.
- Wow.
Who needs men?
- I do.
- Oh, thank God.
I mean for all men.
I mean-- Yeah.
Anyway, um...
I'’ll send the estimate
to your sister,
and assuming all looks good,
how'’s Thursday?
- Perfect.
- Amazing.
Love Thursdays.
All right. Okay.
Um, yeah.
At the risk of losing my job
for blatant unprofessionalism,
um, maybe
we could do something
after the installation?
Like a date?
Yeah. Like a date.
Yeah, I will. I do.
I mean, I'’m sorry,
I don'’t even know what I--
- It'’s a yes?
- Yes, it'’s a yes.
Yeah, amazing.
All right, so, uh...
So, I'’ll, uh--
I'’ll see you Thursday.
- Yes.
- Okay.
- All right.
- Yeah.
- Lock the door behind you.
- Okay.
- Bye.
- See ya.
Yes!
Still got it.
There'’s one
thing I keep coming back to.
It'’s been bugging me
from the beginning.
- The first victim,
Kayla Gardner, strangled!
- Right!
Right.
But they don'’t really
talk about it.
Like, everybody
since then has been stabbed.
Yeah, is it
just like any other fetish
and you gotta keep
escalating things?
You start with strangling,
next up is stabbing,
and then what comes
after that?
Let me pitch you something.
All right, hit me.
What if she wasn'’t
actually one of the victims?[male podcaster] Ooh!
Yes!
What if the rosé in the house
was a coincidence
and it'’s a fluke?
Oh, coincidental rosé.
Have we been looking at this
all wrong?
What?
Okay, I mean,
are these people engaged?
Are they mother and son?
I'’m so confused.
So, how was
your date with Mitch?
- Is he--
- Hot? Oh, my God.
Yeah, it'’s, like,
mind-numbing. You have--
No.
No, is he marriage material?
I don'’t know.
I just met the guy.
Whoa.
Oh, my God. Okay. Wow.
So, this is
the special portrait
that you want for Brad.
All right,
I was half expecting
tasteful nudes, but okay.
No, sometimes
I like to put it on
just to remember
how amazing that day was.
And this way,
he'’ll remember it too.
Yeah. I mean, you do have,
like, 20 wedding albums.
- Just take the picture.
- Okay.
You'’ve actually never
let me touch this before,
but it'’s kind of exciting.
So, let'’s do it.
What could go wrong?
So, how about Mitch?
Oh, my God.
He'’s crazy good in bed.
- No, Eva, you didn'’t.
- What? Kelly.
Men don'’t marry
one-night stands.
That is so outdated,
and it'’s also not true
because Valerie, she married
her one-night stand.
Well, okay, don'’t even
get me started on that.
There'’s a reason
there'’s no maternity section
in bridal stores.
Well, speaking of Valerie,
she gave me a security system,
which, I know,
it'’s the most
Valerie thing ever.
But the guy who came over
to do the walk-through,
- I mean, he'’s really cute.
- Oh...
- What?
- No, the BTK Killer
installed alarms.
Oh, this is so random,
but do you remember
Kyle Callaghan
from middle school?
Yeah, the guy, he was--
He would always pick his nose.
Okay, well, we matched online
on my birthday.
And get this, he just moved
his vet practice
here to Boulder
after six years in France.
And he'’s a widower.
Sad, but at least
we know he'’s single.
Exactly.
And we have a date tonight.
Oh, my God, Eva.
This is your guy.
I have a good feeling
about this.[Eva] Kelly.
This is the "you and Kyle
and me and Brad sharing
a retirement lake house" guy.
- Take a breath.
- Okay. But just promise me
you'’ll give him
a fair shot, please?
I am going into this
totally open-minded.
Okay, but your mind is
all that should be open.
Nothing-- Nothing else.
- Okay.
- Three dates. No sex. Okay?
- Promise me.
- Fine.
Three dates. No sex.
That'’s easy.
No hand jobs. No blow jobs.
No-- No jobbing of any kind.
- Okay?
- Yeah, Kelly, I hear you.
Let'’s see the pictures.
Yes! I killed this.
- Oh.
- Oh...
Maybe Brad will like that one.
- Yeah.
Hi.
Are you Sheryl?
You look nothing like your--
No. I'’m Sheryl.
Oh, wow. You look even better
than your pictures.
Why, thank you.[man] Shall we?
Yeah.
So happy I could help
you two find each other.
Eva?
- Kyle!
- Eva Beava! Oh, my goodness!
Hi! I-- Oh. I--Come on, get in here.
I don'’t really think anyone
ever called me that, but...
- I did.
- Why?
I mean, wow,
you look so much different
than how I remember you.
Well, hopefully
that'’s a good thing.
- Oh, yes.
- You too. You look so good.
Thank you. Yeah.
I mean, what'’s it been,
like, 525,600 minutes? Huh?
Uh, yeah.
- Something like that, I think.
- Right?
We were in Rent together,
in high school,
you silly goose.
- Right.
- Come on.
Ow. Uh, yeah.
No, I remember. I remember.
Yeah.
- I had the braces and stuff.
- Yeah. Yeah, you did.
Yeah, no, it sucked.
But now, I'’ve got
some hair on my chest.
- Congratulations.
- Yeah.
Hopefully that'’s a good thing.
Honestly,
I could go either way.
All right,
I'’ll take my chances.
Oh-- That is, uh...
You could probably, like,
braid that
if you wanted to. Just...
Sorry.
Probably could,
but it'’s a little weird.
Um, do you wanna
go to the table?
- Yeah, I would.
- Yeah.
You'’re a veterinarian now.
- That'’s cool.
- Uh, do you love it?
- Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Animals are just
so compliant, you know?
- Really?
- You just give them
a little anesthesia,
and they'’ll do
- whatever you want.
- Oh.
Oh, my God. I'’m sorry.
That'’s vet humor.
Ah.
But yes,
I love being a veterinarian.
I believe every pet
deserves the best care.
- Aw.
- Buongiorno.
Can I start you off
with some drinks tonight?
First off, I believe
it'’s pronounced "bonjour."
But, um, what do you think?
We'’ll just split
a bottle of rosé?
- Yeah?
- Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Yes. That--
That sounds great.
One bottle of rosé.
Thank you.
So, you--
Do you like rosé or...
Yeah.
Ah.
This whole online dating
scene, it'’s just--
it'’s a hell pit.
Ah. Yeah, it'’s...
Hence why
I deleted my profile.
- Mmm.
- Yeah.
I actually
only reactivated it
so that I could, uh,
message you.
Really?
- Yeah, really.
- Oh.
But I'’m back off the apps now,
and I just...
I don'’t know, thought I'd see
how this works out.
And?
Oh, well, so far, I think
it'’s going pretty great.
Bonjour.
Merci.
She got it right.
I love helping people.
Mmm. Oh, yeah.
Oh, you got a little...
- Oh.
- Just--
Oh, that'’s--There we go.
- Grazie.
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
- Oh, wow, she is
all over the place...
Yeah....with the languages
tonight.
Do you want to--
We can split--Yeah, no, no.
Don'’t you worry.
I'’m a veterinarian,
for God'’s sakes.
We make tons of money.
And, uh, actually...
- Whoa. Wow, impressive.
- Right?
Yeah, I'’m actually an amateur
illusionist in my spare time.
- Wait, really?
- Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Well on my way
to becoming pro.
Anyways, look,
enough about me.
I'’ve had a really
good time tonight,
and, um, I'’d love to
do this again sometime,
if you'’d like.
Yeah.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. Me too.
Unless, of course,
you wanted to
continue the night
back at my place.
Three dates,
no sex. Promise me.
Uh, no, no.
- I'’m sorry, not tonight.
- Oh.
I just--
I just really feel like
we should probably
take things slowly.
Yeah, for sure, slow.
I love it slow.
Cool. Um...
Well, thank you
so much again for dinner.
Yeah, do you wanna--
I can take care of this,
if you wanna...
- This was so fun.
- Oh, you'’re gonna go now.
- High chairs.
- I know, right?
- Oh. Thank you.
- Uh, well...
Just gonna check
one more time,
are you sure you don'’t wanna
come back to my place?
It'’s pretty nice.
One hundred percent.
Oh, my God.
Nope, don'’t worry about it.
I'’m kind of surprised
you called.
Why?
I don'’t know.
I thought it was gonna be
a one-and-done thing.
How dare you, Mitch?
Okay, I'’m sorry, just, um...
- Just one second.
- Yeah.
Eva? Hi.
Finally!
This better be
an actual emergency
because I am right in
the middle of something.
It'’s the Swipe Right Killer.
They just found a fingerprint
at one of the crime scenes,
and it'’s unidentifiable,
likely scarred over.
Sound familiar?
Yeah, because I fucking knew
that guy was shady.
Okay. Yeah. Weird coincidence.
But Swipe Right
also drinks rosé
and has an interest
in crime scene forensics,
and none of those things
apply to Mitch.
No, I'’m just joking.
I'’m doing night classes
in forensics.
Do you not have fingerprints?
Eva, are you there?
Mom, I want a Popsicle!
I told you, Mommy is busy!
I can'’t keep doing
this whole thing
with you, Valerie.
Okay, look, I know that you
think that I'’m being paranoid
or overreacting,
but I just feel like
I don'’t know what's going on
with you anymore, which sucks.
Can we just make a deal?
I will loop you in on
what'’s going on with me,
and you promise me,
like, on your favorite child
promise me,
that there will be no
invasive spy shit of any kind.
I promise on Jonah.
That includes
sneaking tracking apps
onto my phone, okay?
Okay. Fine. I promise.
Okay.
Great.
Why don'’t you come out to
the bar with us tomorrow night?
With your friends?
Yeah.
Craig! You better cancel
your pickleball plans
because it'’s Mommy's night out!
Hey, quick question.
Um, growing up, did anybody
ever call me Eva Beava?
Beava with a "B"?
Yes, with a "B." What-- No.
Okay, that'’s what I thought.
Bye.
- Hey.
You coming back?
Yeah.
Oh, ho-ho! Yes! Fajitas!
Oh, my God!
You guys, we go hard.
Kelly, I need your phone.
I need to take some selfies.
You just... Okay.
Whoo! MILF alert!
- Can you get her
to calm down, please?
- Uh-uh.
There'’s no stopping this now,
trust me.
I'’m gonna have to send these
to myself.
So, Eva, you have a particular
glow about you this evening.
Yeah, I know. It'’s from the sex.
Yes, girl.
But is it from the sex
with Mitch?
Or from the sex with Norman?
Uh, who is Norman?
Oh, Eva'’s crush
from the security company.
What?
Okay, I'’m-- I am cool.
I'’m very cool.
And it'’s actually
kind of your fault, but no,
I am seeing Norman
on Thursday.
- This glow,
this is all Mitch.
- Oh, yeah.
I thought you were
with Kyle last night.
Yeah, I was,
but Mitch came over after.
I just feel like you'’re kinda
not really giving Kyle
a fair shot, if you'’re still
sleeping with Mitch.
No, no, no.
I'’m not ruling Kyle out.
I'’m just saying
he doesn'’t really strike me
as the
throw-me-up-against-the-wall
type,
and let me tell you,
that is exactly what is
getting me going these days.
Hear, hear, sister.
Okay, but sometimes,
people can surprise you.
When I first met Brad,
he was super vanilla.
And then, on our honeymoon,
we realized that baby
likes to be spanked.
- Baby?
- Okay. Ew.
- What?
- Wait, who is spanking who?
Oh, you guys talk about having
sex with randos all day long
and I mention making love
to my husband...
- "Making love"? Kelly, stop!
- Making love!
We'’re married. It's making love.
- Who does that anymore?
- I was eating here.
Okay, all I'’m saying is that
Kyle is the one you should
be giving a real shot.
You know, like,
he is marriage material.
And Mitch is fuck material.
Wait.
Does that make Norman
kill material?
Oh, my God,
you'’re in a Fuck, Marry, Kill!
Hey, hey, hey, everybody!
She'’s in a Fuck, Marry, Kill
right now.
It'’s true, I am.
Wow. This is actually
the most exciting thing
that'’s ever happened to me.
Okay, let me think.
Um, okay, if that'’s the case,
I'’m gonna kill Kyle...
- Uh-uh!
- I'’m gonna fuck Norman.
- And I'’m gonna marry Mitch.
- No, no.
You have to kill Norman
before he kills you.
His goal in life is
to play with dead bodies.
He'’s not gonna play
with dead bodies, you perv.
- You don'’t know that.
- Am I missing something here?
Oh, has she not told you
about his passion
for forensics?
- It'’s a great job.
- Okay, okay, wait.
Wild pitch.
Okay.[Anthony] You fuck the vet.
You kill Mitch.
Who doesn'’t have fingerprints,
by the way.
Exactly. And you
definitely marry Mr. Security.
Smart. I like that.[Anthony] Yeah.
- Cheers.
- Oh, my God.
- What?
- There'’s been another murder.
- What? Oh, my God.
- No.
Are you serious? Where?
Oh, I am on it. I am so on it.
Okay, female, 31, brunette,
body found at
her east side apartment.
Wait, that'’s right near
where you live, Eva.
Okay, a partial shoe print
was left in blood.
Police have determined that
it was a Ferro Calde sneaker,
size 10.
What shoe size
does Mitch wear?
I don'’t know,
but it'’s probably huge.
What size does Norman wear?
That'’s the real question.
I do not know
because I'’m not just asking
people their shoe sizes
when they walk
through my front door.
Yeah, okay.
I know that, like, you guys
are all kind of joking
about this,
and I'’m cool.
I can be very cool.
I'’m so cool about this.
But actually, I'’m very serious
because any of these guys
could legit be Swipe Right
and kill you.
Okay, I get it.
It sucks that my whole
taking charge of my life thing
has overlapped
with a crime spree.
So, here is the compromise.
I'’m good where I'm at,
so I will delete the apps.
- Yes.
- And I will see Kyle again.
And I will possibly
fuck Mitch again.
- Thank you.
- Probably tonight.
- Yes!
- A few times.
Oh, put it there.
Too many times.
- And I'’m gonna keep
the date with Norman.
- That'’s my girl.
But to ease all of your minds,
I'’m going to prove
to all of you,
especially you,
that none of them
are the serial killer.
How?
We are going to Cinderella
this bitch.
It'’s shoe time.
Oh, if the Ferro Caldes
don'’t fit,
you must acquit.
That is correct.
Hey.[Eva] Hi.
Okay, should we go back
to my place or...
I was actually thinking
maybe we could do something
a little more intimate tonight.
Why do guys always do that?
Just call it what it is.
What?
Oh, were you not talking
about anal?
- No.
- Oh, yeah. Me neither.
So, I was thinking
maybe I could cook for you,
if you'’re hungry.
And, you know,
we could just talk,
get to know each other
a little.
Okay, yeah.
All right, come on.
- Maybe after
we could try anal.
- Yes.
So, you seem to know
all about my work,
but I don'’t know anything
about yours.
Mmm.
Yeah, that'’s
kind of on purpose.
It'’s a little embarrassing.
I work at my friend'’s
photo studio.
Sounds fancy.
Uh...
Uh, you'’re probably
thinking Annie Leibovitz,
but this is not that.
This is the everyone
wears matching sweaters
and touches each other oddly
kind of place.
- Those still exist?
- Yes, they do.
So, you went to school
for photography?
Oh, no, no.
I am just the assistant.
I just retouch things,
hand her props here and there.
It'’s real life-plan,
dreams-coming-true
kind of stuff,
so you should be
pretty impressed.
Actually, the truth is
my mom got pretty sick
and she ended up
dying last year.
I'’m so sorry.
And working for Kelly just
made it easier
to look after her.
She'’s all about family.
She sounds
like a great friend.
Yeah.
You know,
all the guys I'’ve been dating,
you are the only person
that I have told
all of that to, which...
is pretty interesting.
Like, in a good way, though.
What do you mean by "guys"?
Like-- Like, plural?
Uh, well-- Uh, yeah.
I mean, it'’s online dating.
It'’s kind of how it works.
What-- Are you okay?
What'’s...
Sorry, I'’m just
a little confused right now.
Did I say something
to upset you?
No, um... No. You know what?
I'’m good.
- Okay.
- I'’m cool.
I'’m not gonna make
a big deal out of this.
- Everything'’s good.
- Okay.
Oh.
You know what?
I think cooking can wait.
Ooh.
Wow.
All right,
it can definitely wait.
Hey, that was incredibly hot.
- Oh, yeah?
- Yeah.
Well, just wait
until you try my cooking.
- Hey.
Is everything okay?
Oh. Yeah.
Food'’s almost done.
Oh, I just realized, I'’ve got
an early start tomorrow,
so I'’m going to get going.
I'’m just not that hungry
anymore.
I-- I wanted to ask you
this earlier,
- but, you know,
I didn'’t want to be dramatic.
- Oh.
You'’re not, like,
using me for sex, are you?
No.
Okay, because, well,
that would make me
very, very upset.
No. No.
Come on.
No, I'’m definitely not--
using you at all.
I'’ll see you later.
And...
Oh, my God, Kyle.
Ta-da!
This is too much.
Crap. Really? I'’m sorry.
- I always do this.
- No. Hey, hey, hey.
Kyle, it'’s-- it's beautiful.
It'’s perfect.
Got the baguettes, champagne.
We got charcuterie. Come on!
"Charcuterie!" That'’s what
that'’s called. I always just
call it "cheese and meat."
Yeah, well... Yeah.
It'’s a little sweaty.
I put it out this morning,
so it'’s been here for a while.
I just wanted today
to be so perfect, you know?
Oh, who is this little guy?
Oh, yeah. I forgot about him.
Come here.
Okay.[Eva] Oh...
And this little guy is Stewart.
- Hi, buddy.
- Hey, buddy.
That'’s how you hold the dog?
Oh, gee. Sorry.
Clinical reflex, really,
'’cause most dogs in my office,
they think I'’m about
to take their
rectal temperature, you know?
Just... right up there.
Anyways, we'’ll get him
out of here. And...
champagne?
Shall we?
- Yeah, we shall. Thank you.
- Okay.
Uh... Oh.
- Are you okay?
- Sorry, I had to...
Yeah.
♪ There is a house
In New Orleans ♪
What?
Dear God!
Hey, buddy!
♪ They call the Rising Sun ♪
- Knock it off, Stewart.
- It-- It'’s fine. All right?
We can go. There'’s
a nice place over there.
Can you just hold that
for a second?
Geez. I'’m gonna have to
put this guy down.
- I'’ll be right back.
- Put him down? Oh.
Buddy! Look, I just noticed
you'’re a little bit out of
tune there on the E string.
Do you mind if I...
Ten.[Kyle] I'’ll just, uh...
Shit.[Kyle] If you don'’t mind...
Give me the guitar!
- Oh, Kyle!
- Whoa, whoa, whoa!
- No, what are you...
- Linda!
Linda!
Wow.
Well, that'’s taken care of.
That guy was way stronger
than he looked.
Where were we?
You know, uh,
I think maybe
we should try this
another time.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
It'’s not about that,
'’cause... Not at all.
But this was just
really memorable and... Yeah.
- ...I'’ll talk to you soon.
- Do you want to do it
again sometime?
- Bye, Kyle.
- I'’ll, uh...
If you wanna talk later
or hang out...
Yeah....sometime.
I'’ll bring Stewart.[Eva] Yeah, I'’ll email you
or something.
So what happens if Swipe Right
doesn'’t match with anyone?
Does he just start
murdering randos?
Ooh. I mean,
are the streets even...
What is happening?
Oh, my God.
Aah! Why are you screaming?
Oh, my God!
Okay. Hi.
Stop screaming, weirdos.
You dropped this.
Oh.
Thank you.
Those are expensive.
Not all men, ladies.
Not all men.
Yeah, but some men,
sometimes, dude.
Holy shit!
- That was a close call.
- Yeah.
What are you doing here?
I, uh...
Look, I... I admit,
I was feeling
a little bit anxious about how
your date with Kyle went,
so I just wanted to pop by
and make sure
that you weren'’t
crossing any-- any lines.
Okay, this whole
sex police thing,
it'’s getting pretty old.
It'’s a little weird. I don't
need a chaperone, okay?
And honestly,
maybe our idea of happiness
is a little different
these days.
I just-- I feel like,
when you were with Jake,
we were on the same page.
Kelly, Jake sucked.
Okay. Yeah, I can see that.
I'’m not that Eva anymore.
Can this new Eva not have sex
with everybody that she meets?
Okay. You know what?
I'’m really tired,
and I'’m gonna go inside.
Well, uh...
'’Kay.
You know I love you, right?
So, all
the victims'’ phone records
show they were
dating multiple people,
but there'’s no crossover.
I mean, at this point,
it could literally be anybody.
It could be your dad.
You'’ve met my dad.
He can'’t climb stairs,
let alone kill someone.
But I do think
we should be looking
at all men in our lives
a little differently because
it'’s gotta be one of them.
I want everyone keeping an eye
on the unassuming ones, right?
Historically, serial killers
are always, like,
the guy-next-door types.
I mean, except for Ted Bundy.
He'’s a fox. He could catch it.
Right. Okay, yes.
Ted Bundy could catch it...
Do you not
have fingerprints?
...I mean, he definitely
was the exception, for sure.
Now, BTK, on the other hand,
he could not get it.
No, no.
But BTK had the advantage
of access.
- Hi.
- Hey.
He installed alarms.
That'’s right. Point is,
he'’s out there, listeners,
and you may never see him
coming until it'’s too late.
Yeah, I don'’t know about you,
but I won'’t be letting
any strangers into my house
anytime soon.
Oh, hi.
Hey. Hi. Uh...
I come bearing gifts.
There they are.
- You look so nice.
- Thank you.
Hey, do you wanna
take your shoes off?
You know, you can just
make yourself at home.
No?
I have booties I can put on,
if you'’d like.
No, no, it'’s okay.
Just wanted you
to feel comfortable.
Yeah, no, I feel comfortable.
I'’m just gonna go finish
getting ready.
Yeah, yeah.
I'’ll get to it, then.
I'’ll see you soon. Okay.[Norman] Okay, bye.
Not bye. I'’ll see you soon.
You are now secure.
All right.
Well, I feel safer already.
Then should we go
do something crazy?
Is comedy crazy?
- Eh. Sometimes.
- Yeah, that'’s true.
Oh.
What is that?
What'’s that beeping?
That means we have
- 30 seconds to leave.
- Thirty seconds?
- Yep. So, hustle.
- Oh, that'’s pretty...
...quick.
Thank you all so much
for coming.
We are the You Should Smile
Comedy Troupe.
We need a volunteer
from the audience.
So...
Uh, you, sir. Come on up here.
Yes!
Whoo!
Oww!
And for a scenario...
All right...
"You'’re on a first date."
Ooh.
And go.
Uh, okay.
Um, hi. I'’m Norman.
- Hi.
- It'’s so nice to kill you!
- Oh, my God!
- Oh, hey. Oh! Oh!
Oh, oh, oh!
No, no, no! No, no!
I was supposed to be the
Swipe Right Killer. Get it?
- Uh, yeah, that got dark.
- Too soon. Okay.
Too soon, too soon.
That was so good! Yay!
Whoo!
- Are you okay?
- Yeah. No.
Wow!
The girl next to me
was freaking out.
I am so sorry. Again.
- Comedy, it'’s crazy.
- Yeah.
Lacking social awareness,
but I appreciate
that you went for it.
Thank you.
I have been wondering,
though,
what'’s with this whole
medical examiner thing?
You know, did you just wake up
one day and think...
"Yay, dead bodies"?
It'’s my chance to play hero.
Find answers.
And I guess I have
a morbid sense of curiosity.
Weird, I know.
I love
that you'’re so passionate
about something.
Tell me something
you'’re passionate about.
Oh.
Well...
- Oh, damn it.
- What'’s wrong?
Uh, it'’s-- it's my sister.
Oh, you have a sister.
Oh...
Oh, is she okay? What'’s--Yeah, yeah.
Look, I'’m really sorry
to split like this,
but I gotta go.
I can come...
- No, I'’m sorry.
- Do you want me to...
I can come with you.
Bye.
Weird.
Brad?
- Two High Lifes.
- Brad!
Eva!
- Hey!
- It'’s been a minute.
- Yeah.
Hey, how'’s--
how'’s Kelly doing?
Your wife? Uh...
What are you--
Shit. She didn'’t tell you?
No, she did not.
Look, um,
don'’t tell her I told you
because she must not
want people to know, but--
Okay, you'’re
freaking me out. What?
We'’re on a little bit
of a break right now.
A break? Sorry,
that was loud. What--
We were having trouble,
and I definitely, um...
You what?
Let'’s just say
I handled it poorly
and she was super upset.
But then, she did like a 180
and suggested we take
a couple months to ourselves
and then see where we are.
- Whoa.
- Yeah.
I mean, she has been acting
really strange lately,
- so this makes sense.
- Yeah.
And honestly...
I miss her.
I'’ll see you around.
Hang in there, Brad.
- Thanks.
- Bye.
Hmm...
So, where is Mr. Security?
I am, like,
devastatingly curious.
Okay, listen to this.
He got an emergency text
from his supposed sister.
- Not the sister story.
- Yeah.
And then he got really weird,
and he just rushed out of here.
Okay, that is--
- that is sketch.
- Yeah.
And I am feeling
mildly sleuthy.
So...
why don'’t we follow him?
Yes!
Okay, we look a little sus
going this slow.
Well, he'’s not
looking for us.
No, I mean to everybody else.
You'’re going 20 in a 35.
You should be going at least 50.
I'’m sorry. It is my first time
tailing somebody.
Not mine.
I dated a cop for eight years.
We did weird stuff for fun.
Get down!
Wait, does-- does he live there?
Uh-uh.
Said he lives near the hill.
What is he doing? He'’s going in?
I don'’t know.
Did he just go inside?
Okay.
What is he doing?
The lights are off.
Oh...
They'’re on.
Look, look!
Wait. Okay, that'’s weird.
Oh, my God!
He'’s positioning a body.
That'’s a body.
He'’s positioning it.
Okay, well, that is--
that is very Swipe Right.
Okay, I know that sound.
He is dismembering her.
This is next-level
and actually,
we need to call the police.
Yeah, but what are we gonna say?
Okay, we haven'’t
actually seen anything.
You know,
- I have seen enough.
- Aah!
He'’s coming out.
What is he doing?
No!
Shh! Be quiet. Be quiet.
- Are you good?
- Mm-hmm.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
- He'’s dragging it.
- Get down.
He'’s dragging it.
I see one bag for the torso.
And two for the limbs.
No. A body is very heavy.
He'’s really strong.
Okay. Oh, no.
That is a torso,
if I ever saw one.
No, that could definitely--
Down.
- Let'’s just breathe
through this.
- Okay.
And not get carried away.
- Right.
- Hold on.
- Okay, we gotta go in there.
- Hell no!
Yes! What if somebody'’s in
there and they'’re hurt, okay?
We can'’t call the cops until
we know for sure, all right?
So put your
big girl britches on.
We'’re going inside.
- Come on.
- No, no, no, no.
I certainly didn'’t come... to,
like, evaluate a murder scene!
Quit talking to yourself.
Shh.
Oh, my God. Okay.
Try the door.
- Mm-mmm.
- Just try.
Okay, okay.
Damn it, it'’s locked.
No.
Victory.
Okay. Okay.
Oh, my God.
Go.
Go! Go!
Excuse me?
What are you doing in here?
Um...
Wow, we are so sorry.
What?
Oh, no, no, no. Not--
We meant-- Because we just--
- No, you'’re here.
- Mm-hmm. You are here.
And we'’re so happy
for that. Yay!
I'’m sorry,
did I leave the door open?
Um...
We are
your new neighbors.
We thought
we'’d just come on by
and offer you our services.
You guys are very sweet,
but you don'’t need
to be woke all the time.
I mean, I kind of think
we'’re the--
the right amount of woke.
I'’m a normal person,
and I have people
who help me when I need it.
My brother just left.
- Like, just now?
- Your brother.
I blew a fuse,
and I had him go into the
crawl space to flip a switch.
And then he fixed
my garbage disposal,
and he took out the trash.
- He'’s the best.
- Yeah. Yeah.
You know what? He actually--
He sounds it.
Okay, you know what?
If you need anything, you know
where to find us, so...
Actually, I don'’t.
What unit are you in?
- Bye! Bye.
- In the pent suite.
I am a terrible person.
I just assumed
he was a murderer,
based off of ten minutes
of spying on him from a car?
I mean, I could have
at least given it a solid 30,
like a proper stalker.
Oh, oh, God.
Well, it'’s him.
Well?
- What do I do?
- Answer it!
- Answer it?
- Yeah, answer it!
- And say what?
- We'’re hanging out
in front of your sister'’s house,
we thought you were
the Swipe Right Killer.
Howdy!
Hey, Eva.
What are you doing? What am I doing?
- Chillin'’.
- Chillin'’ in a car
with my friend.
We'’re just, uh,
doing some night meditating.
Cool. Um...
I'’m sorry about
running off earlier.
No, it'’s okay.
Any chance
we can finish our date?
Yeah, I'’ll be there
as soon as possible.
Okay, thank you. Thank you.
Wow.
Way to play hard to get, babe.
- Hey!
- Hey.
- Oh.
- Look, um...
I think you'’re really great,
but--
Oh, my God, did you
just invite me over here
to tell me that you'’re not
interested in me?
No, no, no. My God, no.
Before I bolted earlier,
I should have told you--
Whoa, whoa, wait.
- You have a girlfriend?
- No, no. No.
Um, I have some anxiety
stuff with my sister.
Okay. What do you mean?
We went through
some traumatic shit
together as kids.
She'’s super independent,
and she never asks
for anything.
So, when she said
she needed me, I, uh...
I panicked.
- Sorry.
- No.
You do not have to be sorry.
I get it. I...
I also have a sister who
causes all sorts of anxiety.
Well, are you gonna
give me the tour or...
Yeah, for sure.
Okay, well...
Forty-three.
This is the dining room.
Oh, look at this. Hmm...
Do you have an air fryer?
I do.
I'’ve also got a fancy blender.
Mm-hmm.
Maybe we skip
the rest of the tour.
- Yeah, for sure.
- Yeah.
Wow.
- Transformational phase.
- Yeah, I get it.
Hmm? Huh?
Yeah. Oh.
Okay.
Whose is this?
It'’s probably my sister's.
She'’s always leaving stuff
over here.
Right, the sister in
a wheelchair wears heels, okay.
Uh, that'’s a really
ignorant thing to say.
She can wear
whatever shoe she wants.
No, you'’re right.
I'’m sorry. That was--
I don'’t know why I said that.
How do you know
she uses a wheelchair?
Huh? Uh... You told me.
I don'’t think I did.
No, I definitely think you did.
You know what? Um...
Maybe we should do this
another time.
Um... Hold on.
You'’re ending this
because I--
I asked about a shoe?
I mean,
it is our first date, Eva.
I don'’t think it's a crime
to have another woman'’s shoe
in the house.
So, it is another woman'’s shoe.
It'’s not your sister's,
so that was a lie.
Okay. It'’s late, so...
Yeah.
It is pretty late. Um...
I'’ll talk to you soon,
Norman.
Oh, men'’s... size 43.
Oh, shit.
Oh, my--
Shit.
- Here, let me help you.
- Oh, hi.
- Thank you.
- No worries.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah, I'’m okay.
Just a good date
that turned into a...
shitty date.
Oh.
They can turn on a dime.
Be careful.
Yeah, you too.
Oh!
Ooh...
Fuck it. Self-care.
Okay, Mark My Murder fans,
urgent information coming in.
The Swipe Right Killer
has struck again last night.
The victim, Tara Leon,
was found
wearing one
strappy gold stiletto shoe.
No.
And she wasn'’t
coming home from a date,
as far as we know right now.
They'’re saying she was at
some costume gala all night.
So, is this a new escalation
from Swipe Right?
Everyone else has been on dates
or maybe this was just like
a crime of convenience.
Okay, okay.
So, then, what you'’re saying
is that Swipe Right
is getting lazier.
Or crazier.
Lazier and crazier? Okay, now--
Valerie, you were right.
I think I'’m dating the killer.
Wow.
This is the...
Whoa. This is very extensive.
I totally killed
this presentation,
so get your grubby hands off
my laptop and listen to this.
- Yes, ma'’am.
- Okay, so,
after your embargo
on googling people was lifted,
I found this
in about 45 seconds.
Apparently,
his sister survived
a botched home invasion
in 2004,
where their parents
were murdered.
- Holy shit.
- Yeah.
She was shot
and left partially paralyzed.
What?
Norman came home in the middle
- and the robbers fled.
- Whoa.
- What do you think?
- I think that that explains
why he freaks whenever
she needs something.
It'’s also the perfect
serial killer origin story.
Okay, but why would he
just kill women? Huh?
Maybe one of the home invaders
was a woman? I don'’t know.
The big picture is
Norman'’s interest
in being a medical examiner
makes him well-versed
in crime scenes and forensics,
so he would know
to cover his fingerprints
or avoid leaving any.
He is a size-ten shoe,
and the most damning
piece of evidence:
he was most likely the last
person to see Tara Leon alive.
- Okay.
- You know
what you have to do.
- Yeah. Call the tip line.
- Call Jake.
No. No.
Okay, you can try
your thing first,
but when that doesn'’t work...
Uh-uh, I'’m definitely
not calling Jake.
Drugs?
No. Serial killer.
Oh, dear God, no.
Hi, Eva. Um, Kyle here.
Um, you knew that. Sorry.
Uh, look,
I just wanted to say that
I bought this guy
a brand-new guitar.
Very sweet.
Actually, a way nicer one
than he had before, so...
Whatever, that'’s not the point.
The point is,
I just wanted
to apologize to you.
I think I overreacted a little
bit the other day at the park.
I think it was just because
I was trying so hard
to impress you that I forgot
how to be myself.
Anyways, uh...
Mmm... Oh, no.
No, don'’t...
♪ I'’m sorry, Eva ♪
Oh, wow.
♪ For the way
I acted the other day ♪
I really should'’ve
came up with some more
lyrics for this. Um...
Strangely charming.
Okay, someone arrest this woman!
For stealing my heart.
Aren'’t you engaged?
Oh, yeah. Winnie, come say hi.
Uh-uh.
Ah, she gets me.
You are such a dick.
Oh, relax, hormones,
you called me.
Hormones? You were
my last resort, okay?
I tried that tip line, like,
44 times, and I couldn'’t
get anyone to pick up.
Yeah, it'’s because
this podcast has got
all these chicks
thinking their online dates
are murderers.
Women, so crazy.
Anyway, what can I do for you?
I think one of my online dates
might be a murderer.
Shut up.
Oh, I'’m fucking with you.
Let'’s just...
- Okay.
- All right.
Just--Feminism.
Feminism?
So that'’s it.
I know everybody wants
to be an Internet detective,
but I'’m telling you,
something feels very off here.
That evidence, it'’s very,
very circumstantial.
I know. I know. But I have
this feeling, all right?
And I can'’t do nothing.
I mean, what if this guy
kills again
and we could have stopped it?
Okay, well,
aside from your "feelings,"
what else do we have?
What else? Um, I mean, I'’ve
never seen him drink rosé.
He does have
all his fingertips.
But like I said,
he'’s really, really
interested in forensics.
Stop! Stop listening
to that podcast.
- Why?
- Dear Lord. It'’s bullshit.
Okay, well, the podcast
never cheated on me,
multiple times, so...
Uh, yeah, like,
um, there were a few
wine bottles in the beginning,
but that'’s because people
getting ready for dates,
- sometimes, they drink wine.
- Not everybody.
And the print, it was smudged
and inconclusive,
not the result of some,
like, mangled finger.
Okay, all right.
Well, tell me,
what are the actual clues?
All right, shoes,
the men'’s size ten,
that'’s a real clue.
And Tara wasn'’t
the only one missing a shoe.
All the victims were found
wearing only one.
A high heel in every case,
a stiletto in a couple cases.
We think the killer
is keeping them as, like,
a trophy or something, but
we didn'’t make that public.
Mainly because
of that stupid podcast.
Okay, stop. Jake, stop talking.
All right, you gotta
go there right now
and search his house.
- I saw a shoe, a woman'’s shoe.
- A woman'’s shoe?
A woman'’s shoe,
- a black stiletto.
- Black stiletto?
And I don'’t know,
he'’s probably got more
hidden somewhere,
like in his closet or, like,
in the basement or something.
- Sit, sit.
- Okay.
I just sat down
because I wanted to,
not because you told me to.
They don'’t give away
search warrants
just because my ex-girlfriend
saw a shoe at a guy'’s house.
I have to prove
that it was actually linked
to one of the victims.
You know, we did find
a small amount of DNA
at one of the scenes,
but we put it in the database,
it came back negative.
You don'’t happen to have
any of his DNA, do you?
No, I haven'’t
slept with him yet.
Hey, I don'’t want
to hear you
talk about other guys
like that.
Again, Jake, you'’re engaged.
It still stings, okay?
No.
- No, I got it.
- No, no, no.
No, I got-- I got it, really.
No, you should not be going
and finding any DNA right now.
It would be
ridiculously risky.
Well, you know,
the great thing
about being broken up
is that I don'’t have to listen
to what you think I should
and shouldn'’t do anymore.
Goodbye, Winnie.
I was saying that as a cop,
not as your ex-boyfriend.
Crazy.
- Surprise!
- Jesus Christ!
Oh, my God, Mitch.
You scared the shit out of me!
Hi.
What are you doing here?
Well, you haven'’t
returned my calls or texts.
Uh... You completely ghosted me
after you stormed out
the other night.
I know, I'’ve just been
really busy, but I do--
Okay. Oh, no.
Are you crying?
This keeps happening to me.
- I try to be the cool guy.
- Uh-huh.
But deep down, I-- I really
have feelings for you.
Oh, no, you don'’t know me
that well yet.
I'’m just gonna be
brutally honest with you,
all right?
I left the other night
because I thought you might be
the Swipe Right Killer,
which now I know you are not,
because another guy
I'’m dating actually is.
But I did like having sex
with you, like, a lot.
Whoa. And you are
very, very hot.
And it'’s-- it's been really
good for my self-esteem.
So, thank you for that,
but I'’m not ready
to be serious with you.
Okay, well...
maybe once I heal from this,
we can have sex again?
Oh, fuck yeah. Yeah. Later.
Uh...
You can do this.
Okay.
- Eva! Hey.
- Hey!
Uh, what are you doing here?
Yeah, I'’m sorry
to just show up unannounced,
but I think I left one of my
favorite pearl earrings here,
so I just--
No, look, actually,
I'’m really glad to see you.
I really wanted to apologize
for last night.
Oh, please, no.
Don'’t even worry about--
No, no. Please.
I really wanna talk about it.
I know. I do too, but I--
I can'’t focus on anything
until I just-- You know,
I really love this earring.
It was my
great-great-grandmother'’s.
So, just--
It'’s gonna take--
super quick.
- Uh, okay, sure.
- Two minutes.
Yes.
Okay. All right.
If I were DNA, where would I be?
Fuck.
Eva.
- Yeah.
- Hey.
Hey. God, you know,
it'’s so weird.
I could have sworn
that I had it here.
It'’s a family heirloom.
It'’s really important
- that I find it.
- Could we maybe, uh,
take a beat here?
Please.
Yeah.
Sure, we can.
Okay.
You mean, like...
like this kind of beat?
Wow. Well, that wasn'’t
exactly what I--
Oh! Are the fingernails
negotiable?
Sorry.
But not really,
you know, I just, um...
God, I'’ve really been
thinking about you lately.
Careful.
Oh, my God! There it is.
Are you kidding me?
This is really a relief.
This is good.
You know, I would love
to continue this later,
but I just gotta
call my sister
and let her know
that I found it.
Eva!
Are you kidding me? Come on!
Okay.
I did it.
Holy shit, I did it.
Okay...
Hair... check.
Okay.
Oh, God, that'’s gross.
Skin... motherfucking check.
All right.
Okay.
Boom!
Evidence!
Oh, you are not--
Jake, your ex-girlfriend
is here.
Yeah, well, you know I have
a name, right? It'’s Eva.
Boom!
- Evidence!
- Wow!
I bet you had no problem
getting DNA in that outfit.
Oh, you are foul.
Just take the samples and do
whatever you do with them.
Yeah, okay,
I'’ll get them to the lab.
You said this guy installed
your security system, yeah?
- Yeah.
- Well, you shouldn'’t
go home.
I mean,
if you wanted to be safe,
you shoulda just came to me.
I would'’ve told you
to go with ADT.
How about just saying,
"Nice work, Eva.
Thanks for cleaning up
the streets, Eva.
Thanks for catching
a predator, Eva."
Okay, how about, uh,
do you have anywhere else
to stay, Eva?
- Yes.
- Do you?
I do, in fact.
I got many options.
So, don'’t worry about it.
Many options!
Moron.
Many options.
Well, that sucks.
Okay.
♪ Down came the rain
And washed the spider out ♪
♪ Out came the sun
And dried up all the rain ♪
Hey, it'’s Val. I'm so tired.
You know what to do.
Goddamn it, Valerie!
Okay.
Hi. This is Kelly from--
You kidding me?
Where is everybody?
Hey, it'’s Robin.
I'’m not answering because
I'’m out here, living life.
Okay.
Hey, it'’s Anthony.
I'’m not here right now.
Leave a message. Bye!
- Aah!
- Whoa.
Oh, people have got
to stop sneaking up on me.
- Do not come any closer.
- No, I just want to talk.
Get away from me.
No, get away from me.
I will call the cops.
- Are you serious right now?
- Sheryl!
This man is really
dangerous. Go! Go!
- Okay! I'’m going, I'm going.
- Go!
Thank you, Sheryl.
I'’ll see you at book club.
Holy shit.
♪ I love all the colors ♪
♪ Don'’t you love them, too? ♪
♪ They make the world
So pretty ♪
Hey, it'’s Val. I'm so tired.
You know what to do.
Valerie, are you kidding me?
How is this the one time
that you don'’t pick up
my phone call?
Okay, I just got home,
and Norman showed up,
and I'’m really fucking
freaked out right now
because he knows
all of my security info,
and I need somewhere safe
to stay.
So please, please
call me back, okay? Okay.
Oh, my God.
Okay. Well, last resort time.
Eva, hi. Hey.
Kyle. I--
Did the phone even ring?
Hi. Um, listen, I have
a really huge favor to ask.
Can I come over?
Yeah, of course. All right, thank you.
I will see you soon.
Can you just--
Can you text me your address?
Of course, yeah. Amazing.
Thank you so much again
for letting me come over.
It'’s really nice of you.
I don'’t know where anyone is.
Kelly or my sister should
be calling back any second.
Of course, yeah. No worries.
Hey, where'’s Stewart?
Who?
- Your dog?
- Oh, yeah!
He'’s, uh, locked in
the guest room.
- Oh.
- Well, it'’s like
crate training for him,
except, uh, just, like,
a nice big crate
with a bed in it and stuff.
- He loves it in there.
- Really?
Yeah. But anyways, you were
saying that Norman guy,
you think he'’s
the Swipe Right Killer?
- Yeah, I think so.
- Geez.
And, uh, you guys
were dating or...
I mean, sort of.
Not really.
I mean... Ugh.
It is just
a little crazy to me
that you cut our date short
because I lost my temper
a little bit,
but you-- you didn'’t notice
any red flags
with a guy who is a murderer?
Um, look, I'’m--
Hey, I am so sorry.
No, that was rude of me.
You'’ve had a really hard day
and, uh...
If you wanna, I don'’t know,
take a bath or something?
I mean, I could
order us some food.
I have actually
been wanting to take a bath
for a really long time.
I don'’t have a tub
at my place.
Oh. Oh, okay.
Yeah, makes sense.
- It'’s just upstairs?
- Yeah, the bathroom'’s
just upstairs,
and there'’s a nice,
cozy bathrobe for you...
Oh, great....you can put on.
Just make yourself at home.
Mi casa es su casa.
Right?
Yeah.
Mmm.
Oh, yes.
Oh.
Antipsychotics?
Nope, antihistamines.
Mmm, that tracks.
He does seem like a guy
with a lot of allergies.
I'’ve got to get one of these.
- Valerie?
- Oh, thank God you picked up!
I left you and Eva like
a thousand voicemails.
Oh, sorry, I was just, uh--
- I think Eva is in trouble.
- What?
Kyle isn'’t who he says he is,
and she is with him right now.
She'’s not picking up,
so I left her a voicemail.
But I haven'’t
looked up Kyle before
because we knew him, right?
Well, Kyle is actually married
to a woman who is alive.
The veterinarian
is his wife'’s brother,
who is traveling all summer.
Kyle is a freaking pet-sitter,
and he has a record.
Multiple assault charges.
And, Eva, he arrived in town
two days before
the first Swipe Right kill.
We were wrong about Norman.
Kyle is the killer!
You'’ve got to get out!
- I see you'’ve borrowed
my favorite shirt.
- Oh, shit!
Aah!
Making yourself
right at home, hmm?
Yeah. Can I have my phone?
No. I don'’t think so.
I think it'’s only fair that,
if you have something of mine,
I get something of yours, right?
Unless you want to
take that shirt off.
Oh, gross.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Whoa, whoa.
You know what?
I really don'’t
understand you, Eva.
I thought
you were different,
but you'’re just like
the rest of the girls, okay?
You never go
for the nice guys. Me.
I'’m the nice guy.
I'’m literally
the nicest guy, in fact.
I mean, fuck me,
I waxed my chest for you!
I mean, not really. That'’s
just part of your chest.
Oh, my God! You have
any idea how much this hurt?
- Yeah. I do, actually.
- Yeah!
Girls do it all the time.
- Let me leave the room!
- Yeah, well,
it'’s not about you
right now.
It'’s about Kyle right now!
It'’s Kyle time!
I did all of this for you,
and you just insist on
pushing me away!
Why is that, huh?
Kyle, I...
You know,
the nice thing to do
would actually be to let me
leave the room, so...
Oh, my God.
Now you want a nice guy?
That'’s hilarious.
Sadly, I'’m done being
a nice guy. You know why?
Because I realize nice guys
don'’t get what they want,
and what I want right now
is simple.
I want-- Oh!
Idiot!
No!
Oh!
You already did that!
It'’s redundant!
- Get off of me!
- No!
You'’re all the same.
Every single one
of you girls.
You just toy and you toy!
I didn'’t toy with you!
I just didn'’t sleep with you,
you fucking psychopath!
I don'’t deserve
to die for that!
None of those girls did!
What girls are you--
Ow!
Ow...
Kelly!
You'’re okay! You're okay!
You saved my life.
Yeah!
Shit. Get the knife!
Pull it out!
What do you mean?
Pull what out?
Get it out before he does!
No, Kelly. I don'’t want to!
You have to! Be brave!
You have to!
He'’s gonna stab us!
- Okay, okay!
- Pull it out!
- With what?
- Now! Pull it out!
Oh, God!
This is really gross!
Didn'’t you want to be
a nurse?
I do hate blood.
Oh, goddamn it!
Jake was right!
Jake! We gotta
call the police.
Okay, let'’s get you
out of here. You'’re safe.
You'’re safe! Let's go!
You'’re okay. You're okay.
- I can'’t look at it anymore.
- Okay, here.
Ugh.
Okay, look.
- I'’m going to take care
of all of this.
- Okay.
But your fingerprints
are everywhere inside.
So I'’m going to clean up,
call the police,
and just make sure that they
know this was self-defense.
You killed
the Swipe Right Killer.
Of course
it was self-defense, Kelly.
Exactly.
Okay, stay here.
Thank you.
What?
Who are all these women?
Oh, my God. Why are there so
many fucking phones in here?
Hey.
Hey!
What are you doing?
You forgot your phone.
Oh! Thanks!
I was just cleaning up before
I was gonna call the police.
Why do you have that?
You got a message
from somebody named Amber
about a date?
Who is that?
Yeah.
Yeah, I think Brad
is cheating on me.
I'’ve been meaning to tell you
this is his burner phone.
Kelly, I know you and Brad
are on a break.
Yeah, but it'’s okay.
It'’s just like a temporary
thing, so it'’s okay.
Look. Look what I found, Eva.
Ferro Caldes.
In his closet, size ten.
Well, that'’s really weird
because I didn'’t see those
upstairs earlier.
And look, shoes.
I found these
in his closet too,
and I bet there'’s more
where they came from!
Eva, we did it.
We killed
the Swipe Right Killer.
Look, technically,
you killed him
when you pulled the knife out,
but we did it.
Kelly, how do you know
about the heels?
The police haven'’t
told anyone about the heels.
You don'’t believe me?
Are you calling me a liar?
Kelly, what are you doing?
Oh, my God,
what have you done?
What have I done?
- What have I done?
- Oh! Okay.
I have saved
a bunch of marriages.
- What?
- I had a feeling something
was off with Brad,
so I went through his phone,
and I found out
that he was meeting someone.
I found out where she lived.
I followed her home,
and then
I watched them together.
That lecherous trash
was trying to steal my husband!
But I had a pair
of Brad'’s shoes with me,
just in case
that something happened.
That sounds premeditated.
- No.
- Okay.
No, it wasn'’t.
I did not want
to leave any footprints,
in case something happened.
In case? What? And then,
something did happen?
Yes! Yes, and she deserved it!
Oh, my God.
And then Brad, he would pay
for what he did to me.
I know that serial killers
sometimes like
to take trophies,
so I took one of her shoes,
and I was going to plant it
in his stupid
fucking bachelor pad.
And then I had
this incredible idea
that I could save
so many people from this pain!
I would find these women
on these cheating
messaging boards,
and then I would catfish them,
pretending to be
different married men.
And then, I got so good
that I could just identify them
based on the shoes.
Do you know who wears
stilettos, Eva? Home-wreckers!
Have you thought
that maybe you are killing
the wrong people?
Men cheat too, Kelly.
- What the fuck?
- Exactly!
And I was gonna frame Brad
for all of the murders,
but then, Eva, he called me,
and he told me
that he missed me,
- and he regretted all of it.
- Oh, my God.
And then I didn'’t know
what to do.
And then, look.
Look who fell into my lap,
Eva. Kyle!
Eva... Eva, I saved you!
No, no. Kelly, no!
No! It'’s all perfect now.
Don'’t you see?
Everybody is gonna think
that Kyle is Swipe Right.
I'’m gonna burn
the rest of the shoes.
Brad is gonna come back home
to me, and then it'’s all--
it'’s all gonna go back
to the way that it was.
The way that it was?
You'’re fucking insane!
Eva, it didn'’t have to
- be this way!
- No!
We could have been
best friends forever!
I wanted to be the maid
of honor at your wedding!
- Your wedding sucked!
- Oh!
And you looked like shit
in that hideous dress!
And your spray tan
was streaky!
Aah!
Aah! A fucking kitten heel?
Oh, my God.
You stabbed the shit
out of her.
Yeah.
You really owe it
to your sister.
If she hadn'’t have called us
when she did, who knows?
How did she even know
where I was?
I only texted that address
to Kelly.
I'’m assuming
she didn'’t share that info.
Well, apparently,
last time you all went out,
your sister put a tracking app
on Kelly'’s phone.
Also, on all
your friends'’ phones.
And she eventually
tracked down
his brother-in-law'’s name
and his address,
and then sent it to us,
like, seven times.
Geez.
I think your sister
should'’ve been a cop.
Yeah.
I'’m glad you're okay.
You'’re lucky to be alive.
She did
a murder monologue.
Like,
a explain-how-she-did-it-all
monologue.
It was crazy.
Hey, so, uh,
for some reason--
I'’m still trying to
figure it out--
Uh, Winnie called off
the engagement.
- Hmm, shocking.
- I know.
I think it was
from you coming down
and flirting
with me in the office.
Oh, give me a break.
Hey, Winnie.
Anyway, uh,
I was thinking maybe
you and me could, uh,
you know,
- get back together.
- No fucking way, Jake.
Not even like a
hit-it-and-quit-it situation?
Nope. No chance.
Well, in that case...
I ran the DNA on this.
Came back clean.
So, I talked
to that Norman guy.
You didn'’t.
- No, no, I did.
- Oh, my God.
And he seems like
a pretty good dude.
So...
I guess you have
my blessing.
Well, I don'’t need it, but...
thank you.
I appreciate that.
Eva?
Oh, I'’m okay.
There'’s my cue. Hey, Gordy!
I...Hi.
...was totally right!
You were
in terrible danger!
Yes! Oh, my God.
Who'’s paranoid now?
Who is paranoid now?
Okay, has she been--Yep. She'’s been acting
like this the whole way over.
Hopefully after
she found out I was alive.
Valerie...
I love you. Thank you.
You are welcome.
I think I really need
to go back to work.
- Yes.
- Yeah, you really do.
- Hi.
- Are you okay?
I mean...
I stabbed my best friend
with a shoe,
but I'’m alive, so...
Kelly. Like,
who would have thought?
Well, I mean, if one of us was
going to be a serial killer,
I would have picked her.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I'’d have put my money
on Valerie all the way.
Yeah, me too.
Hi, Eva.
Lila, hi. Uh... Oh.
I just came to give you
your shoe back.
Um, I also just wanted
to say I'’m really sorry.
Oh...
Which thing
are you apologizing for?
When you followed me
to Lila'’s house
and barged in there thinking
you'’d find a dead body?
Or when you stole DNA from me
and turned it over
to the police?
I'’m going to give you guys
a minute.
- Good luck.
- Thanks.
Both. All of that.
Everything.
I am so sorry.
I mean, I know
that I jumped to some
pretty insane conclusions,
even for me,
and I just think that my
paranoia got the best of me.
Honestly?
The alarm installer in me
gets it.
The forensic student in me
is really disappointed in you.
Like, none
of that DNA evidence
would have been admissible
in court.
Look, I know
that this is crazy,
but I think I'’ve already
proven I'’m kind of crazy,
but, like, in a fun way.
Anyway...
Can we just start over?
Just wipe the slate clean.
Maybe go out
on a normal date?
I don'’t think
anything with you
is ever going to be normal,
and I am somehow
very into that.
So, is that a yes?
Mm-hmm.
For the record,
I really like
the hair-pulling.
Oh, good,
because that'’s my specialty.
Oh, well...
♪ I'’m gonna kill you ♪
Welcome to our very special
live kickoff episode
of our third season of...
Mark My Murder.
We are snuffing out
the other podcasts.
Yeah, we are.
We'’re killing them.
You two are slaying,
if I do say so myself.
Oh, look who'’s here in the
studio, slinging puns with us.
Yes. Boulder, Colorado'’s finest,
New York Times
bestselling author,
and our show'’s newest copilot,
Eva Vaughn.
I have to tell you, this is
actually a dream come true,
and I'’m just so excited to be
on the case
with the both of you.
Speaking of case,
don'’t forget to pick up
Eva'’s newest novel, Girl, Go!,
available everywhere now.
Well, you'’ve conquered
true crime writing.
You'’ve conquered fiction
writing. What'’s next?
She'’s about to conquer
co-hosting this show.
I think I already did that.
Indeed, you have.
Speaking of the show,
let'’s get it cracking.
I think we have a call from
one of your fans on the line.
My fans? Okay. Well, then,
let'’s not keep them waiting.
Let'’s do it.
Murph, put him through.
You'’re receiving
a collect call
from an inmate at
ADX Supermax Prison,
Florence, Colorado.
- Do you accept these charges?
- Kelly?
Oh, this bitch...
♪ Oh, we'’ll have our cake
And eat it ♪
And eat it too ♪
♪ Oh, we'’ll have our cake
And eat it ♪
And eat it too ♪
♪ Never met a girl like this
Like this ♪
♪ Like this
This-this-this-this ♪
♪ Never met a girl like this
Like this ♪
♪ Like this
This-this-this-this ♪
♪ Down in Panama
Up to Canada ♪
♪ Round the world
We la-la-la-la ♪
♪ Sing our song
We is fixing bongs ♪
♪ These sticks and stones
And ha-ha-ha-ha ♪
♪ Laugh them all to the bank
Ha-ha-ha ♪
Like this ♪
♪ Fill it up, fill it up
Fill it up, fill it up ♪
Fill it up ♪
♪ Fill it up, fill it up
Fill it up, fill it up ♪
♪ Fill it up
Ah, keep the change ♪
♪ Fill it up, fill it up
Fill it up, fill it up ♪
Fill it up ♪
♪ Fill it up, fill it up
Fill it up, fill it up ♪
♪ Fill it up
Ah, keep the change ♪
♪ Oh, we'’ll have our cake
And eat it ♪
And eat it too ♪
♪ Oh, we'’ll have our cake
And eat it ♪
And eat it too ♪
♪ Never met a girl like this
Like this ♪
♪ Like this
This-this-this-this ♪
♪ Never met a girl like this
Like this ♪
♪ Like this
This-this-this-this ♪
♪ Down in Panama
Up to Canada ♪
♪ Round the world
We la-la-la-la ♪
♪ Sing our song
We is fixing bongs ♪
♪ These sticks and stones
And ha-ha-ha-ha ♪
♪ Laugh them all to the bank
Ha-ha-ha ♪
Like this ♪
♪ Fill it up, fill it up
Fill it up, fill it up ♪
Fill it up ♪
♪ Fill it up, fill it up
Fill it up, fill it up ♪
♪ Fill it up
Ah, keep the change ♪
♪ Fill it up, fill it up
Fill it up, fill it up ♪
Fill it up ♪
♪ Fill it up, fill it up
Fill it up, fill it up ♪
♪ Fill it up
Ah, keep the change ♪
♪ Oh, snap ♪
♪ Oh, we'’ll have our cake
And eat it ♪
And eat it too ♪
♪ Laugh them off to the bank
Have our cake ♪
Have our cake and eat it ♪
♪ Laugh them all to the bank
Like this ♪
♪ Laugh them off to the bank
Have our cake ♪
Have our cake and eat it ♪
♪ Laugh them all to the bank
Like this ♪
♪ Oh, we'’ll have our cake
And eat it ♪
♪ Like this, like this ♪
♪ Oh, we'’ll have our cake
And eat it too ♪
♪ Like this, like this ♪
♪ Oh, we'’ll have our cake
And eat it ♪
♪ Laugh them all like this
Like this ♪
♪ Oh, we'’ll have our cake
And eat it ♪
♪ Ah, like this, like this
Change!♪